hello Everglade allah speaking i am
going to make today
typewriters
you already learn Chinese fried things
you're the main taste is of the green
guy hi cooking has got three types of
curries red curry green curry and yellow
can these three things are there as you
your we are going to bake use of green
curry so I am going to show how to make
the real curry then we bake the rice
it's very easy very simple it takes you
so we start picking the green curry
paste here the bait taste comes from the
lemongrass you get in the market cedar
and you to take the roots of it well if
you have don't get the roots of that
they are difficult to get at the market
so you use whatever the thick part is
available otherwise cut the grass very
finely and that boil it for a while so
it become soft and grind it then add to
the paste that's so leave it you can use
it the lemongrass the may taste easier
is a roll good fresh coriander add a few
chopped onions very few garlic green
chillies coriander C cubed C black
pepper powder little bit a piece of
ginger salt to maintain the green color
add lemon juice and the lemon peel there
are lots of things are not here we have
not used here because they are not
easily available in market so we have
done what is easily available you're in
the market now you see what I've added
right so this mixture we add a lot of
water has grinded very very finely that
is very important this is our lovely
green curry paste this is very important
you must grind it very finely and this
is quite a lot you can store it in your
fridge and use it whenever you want it
so let's start making the Thai fried
rice you all of you know very well the
rice has to be cold it has to be
separate see it's really important here
if the rice is hot the color is not
going to come out in Thai or Chinese
cooking the rice has to be nice a 99%
coat
well let's start doing it so heat the
oil fry the chopped onion well you can
use plain onions or spring edges the
springs give onion give them better cake
so whatever is available with you you
use it now I've added baby cause this is
power boil and a few capsicum
we are going to add a few spring onion
leaves in the beginning and later on it
gives a little colorful nice color so we
are going to add a few green chilies
also
add the curry face around 2 tbsp it's to
your liking
2 tablespoons okay so fry it again don't
try too much and now I'm going to add
the coke right
salt
little pepper
it has got light green color here the
soy sauce is little often you can add
very little sighs you know why I'm
talking about it it's a market many
varieties of first authorities some are
very dark in color
some are very light in color so if it is
dark in color you slip if it is light
soy sauce that use more it depends on
the quality of service also available in
the market so now our rice is ready so
our green rice I told you it's ready
what I have done is this I factorize
into this ring mold which is available
easily in the market but you can solve
it as it is even it looks pretty in a
ring moon and the center comes for the
sauce so now I am going to prepare a
smile coconut sauce to solve with the
plants so very little oil fry a few
Cuban seeds and allow them to cook for a
while it's getting ready I fry a little
chopped onion
as a little with green chile it's
awesome
a few spring onion leaves and our
coconut milk when this coconut milk is
thick so you have to add a little water
salt and lemon juice so it become just
perfect this is lemon juice add salt and
a little bit of water so the sauce
become perfect and half a teaspoon of
the green paste what we made before
that's it
so our green sauce is ready looking
lovely light green and tasty cook for a
while then fill the center so the
coconut sauce is ready I am going to put
a little bit at the center if it flows
out a little bit don't worry it tastes
yummy flows out a little bit cover with
a green onion leaves it's so simple but
this is the way it is salt and sprinkle
a few spring onions up on top so soft to
your friends Eddie given that I am sure
they will love this
if you enjoy recipes click like to see
more of my recipes click here please
share your comments I would love to hear
them and waiting for them